function given a particular
configuration of hyper parameters right
so we will have a surate model at the
same time we cannot estimate this for
all possible combinations or all
possible configurations right we want to
minimize the number of iterations so we
need an acquisition function also so
this acquisition function will guide the
search guide the search means if you are
familiar with the concept of
reinforcement learning if you're
familiar with
reinforcement learning with the idea
behind say multi-m Bandits and all this
is quite similar to that where this
acquisition function will have the
opportunity to explore either explore or
exploit exploit means what it means is
basically we know that these regions are
doing well if we know that these regions
are doing well we will try to for the
next iteration when it goes for an
exploit option it will try to choose
data points around this region okay so
it will go for data points in this in
this particular Zone that would be
exploit explor would be it will try to
find out or try to test out data points
that is farther away right randomly it
will show some other points somewhere in
the board and it will try to explore how